Welcome to the podcast for Perdido Bay Methodist Church.
My name is Dudley and today is Monday, March 2nd.
And our chapter is Matthew 22.
And there are several things covered in this chapter.
We see the parable of the wedding banquet.
We see that the religious leaders continue to try to trap Jesus in his own words, but Jesus sees through their evil intent.
first about taxes and then about marriage and the resurrection.
One key statement that Jesus says here is that they were in error because they did not know the scriptures or the power of God.
And to this, I pray, Lord, let us be a people who know your word and let us know your power, your life-changing, life-giving power that changes us
for both now and this life, but for all of eternity.
And the attempts to trap Jesus in his words continue.
But then Jesus has a question of his own.
Listen to this excerpt of the last part of Matthew 22.
Teacher, which is the greatest commandment in the law.
Jesus replied, love the Lord your God with all your heart and with all your soul and with all your mind.
This is the first and greatest commandment.
And the second is like it.
Love your neighbor as yourself.
All the law and the prophets hang on these two commandments.
It seems no matter how much the enemies of Jesus tried to trick him or trap him in his words, it would never work.
His wisdom is too great.
But
Do you know what else?
His love for people is so great that he was willing to be that sacrifice, to give his life, to take that punishment, to bring peace between God and man.
As we close our time today, I'm reminded of John the Baptist preparing the way for Jesus to come.
And then I see that Jesus is preparing the way of salvation for us and for others
to come to the Father so that our plan should be to prepare the way for others to hear this message, this great news, by loving and serving, teaching, and even correcting so that others can experience life change here, but so that they can experience eternal life that comes from the Father, the Son, and the Holy Spirit.
Have a blessed day.